hey youtubers its mark and I'm truth
seeker and found a really interesting
looks like some type of tribal statue or
something and it's just amazing how
these objects are being left in some of
these earlier Souls but the later Souls
they're really ending pretty happy I
mean it's a soul 64 and it's just an
amazing statue I mean I take it to
probably be about four or five feet tall
but let's let's take a look at it ok
this is in Microsoft picture 10 which is
the little brightness and contrast
adjusted
here you can see the eyes you could see
the pupil that they carved in here comes
now you can see there's a part of an ear
here's the mouth there's the nose it's
got a really big nose there's something
cards in the cheek area here and you can
see the eye and it comes down there's a
base here comes across
and under some stuff down here like I
take this to be a British you take the
grave marker or monument
and then you come over here and there's
some really it's just not natural I mean
it looks more like machinery it's almost
it's like a like a rod that's on like a
piston
put some type of like fork at the end of
it let me show you in Photoshop I
highlight at the area with the
desaturation tool and it's amazing
because when they make everything one
color it just makes everything full flap
there's no 3d effect so let's take a
look in Adobe now you can see what I'm
talking about see how this stuff starts
to get a 3d effect just would like basic
gray and you know different shades of
gray
see the statute
you could see the eye pupil you see them
the nose the contour to mouth they carve
something in here I guess to represent
cheeks see there's something back here
for a year then it comes down there's a
base on I mean this is pretty impressive
to me
and this I found strange is this one
black circle here
I can only imagine what was there I mean
you could see you see what happened to
this line when I highlighted it the way
this stuff really started to pop I mean
look at how this looks like a piston it
looks like a rod with some type of fork
at the end I mean look at the structure
of this stuff
I mean you just can't tell me that this
stuff is rocks it just doesn't make any
sense
I mean that alone this one piece alone
but then you come over here to this I
mean this is pretty impressive to me
it looks like there's another little
kargin right on the side of it and like
I say to me these are grave markers and
monuments just as you know view at puma
punku know
some of the you know stuff in Mexico you
know I mean if you were in Giza it's
just you know Egypt it just you know
this is what this stuff is it is what it
is it's there it's in these pictures
this is why they're doing what they do
to these pictures now again this is an
early soul and everybody that does this
research is the same thing as these
salts progress the quality is getting
worse and worse and worse and they're
hiding their editing they're covering up
their putting blocking they're removing
pieces of the picture they're cutting
pasting you name it you know i mean the
skyline is as fake as can be so let me
just take a look at that
if that doesn't impress you I check your
pulse because you might be dead because
that's pretty straightforward right
there guys there guys this is a quick
one
30 seconds just want to thank you guys
for everything and remember like let's
pound that like button let's share this
you know any good comments always
appreciated and guys again I appreciate
all the love it's amazing thanks